[♪♪♪]
Good morning,
Mrs. Thornton.
Mr. Thornton.
You're going to
spoil me.
I'm gonna try.
Mmm.
[SIGHS]
I made eggs.
I know you like 'em
sunny-side up,
but I broke a few.
I'm sure I will love
whatever you make.
Good.
Good, because
I burned the bacon.
[BOTH LAUGH]
Oh, so I checked,
and the Cubs
are gonna be in town
during our honeymoon.
Oh, that's great.
We'll definitely have
to take in a game there.
I can't wait.
A whole week
in Chicago with you.
It's gonna be
a trip to remember.
[SIGHS]
Enjoy.
Mm.
[♪♪♪]
You know what?
Maybe I should spoil you
with breakfast tomorrow.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
Here you go.
Fresh, piping-hot.
Mm.
Today's the day
we set up
the donation tables
outside the mercantile.
I hope the weather
holds up.
Mm-hmm.
You know, the bank closure
really has had
a terrible impact
on the town.
With no cash
to buy things,
families are really
feeling the pinch.
Yeah.
[♪♪♪]
So...
I went through your things.
I thought you could spare
your old blue striped shirt...
Mm-hmm.
And your green plaid pants.
No. No, no, no, no.
I love
the green plaid pants.
Oh, so you were
listening.
Sweetheart,
I am always listening.
Really?
Mm-hmm.
What time did I say
we're invited
to Jack and Elizabeth's
for dinner?
Um...6.
I mean...7.
Eight?
Lee...
Didn't say anything about
Jack or Elizabeth.
You tricked me.
Fine. You can have
the gray twills,
but I wanna keep
the plaid.
I was kidding
about the pants.
The donation table
is only for items
people can actually use.
[SIGHS]
Ouch.
Pastor Frank, I think
I saw some fish over there.
Well, you better
go get 'em.
Okay.
I missed this.
Have you heard from
Children's Hospital?
Not yet.
They said
they'd let me know
when they find
a replacement.
Tell me about
the people there.
[♪♪♪]
There was this one boy--
Good kid--
Kinda reminded me
of Cody.
His name was Anthony.
He had pneumonia.
Doctors didn't have
much hope for him.
They gave him
two weeks to live.
I used to sit and read with him
every morning.
Sometimes scripture.
Mostly Peter Pan.
[CHUCKLES]
What happened to him?
Well, it was a long road,
but he made a full recovery.
Yeah, he marched himself
right out of that hospital.
The doctors
couldn't understand it.
But you could.
Survival requires
a strength of will.
Anthony wouldn't give up.
I wouldn't let him.
He was lucky
he had you there.
[♪♪♪]
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
Good morning,
lovebirds.
Are you awake?
Come on in, Rosemary.
Is Jack still here?
He's upstairs.
So? How are the newlyweds?
Need I even ask? I'm sure the
two of you are over the moon.
[CHUCKLES]
We are, thank you.
If you're looking for the box
of clothes, it's there.
Everyone has
been so generous.
A lot of people are going
to benefit from this.
Oh! My...
[CHUCKLES]
Why, look at that.
That was Jack.
It's very romantic.
Hmm. He is all that,
and more.
Oh.
[GASPS]
[BOTH LAUGH]
That's very sweet.
Jack and I have been
writing each other notes.
This one is for him to meet me
at Abigail's cafe later.
I have a surprise for him.
Oh. Wedded bliss...
[SIGHS]
Mm, there's nothing
quite like it.
[CHUCKLES]
[PEOPLE CHATTERING
INDISTINCTLY]
Well, that coat
looks nice.
It's a little long.
And there's a hole
in the pocket.
Well, you can sew it.
There we go.
I'm so pleased.
Look at the turnout.
It's a great turnout.
Anyway, I got
to get to work.
Mmm. Bye.
[♪♪♪]
How are you doing?
Good.
Anyway, I've got to go.
Okay.
Lee!
I'll walk you to work.
[CHILDREN PLAYING]
[♪♪♪]
You got it, Philip!
What happened?
I'm sorry.
The sun was in my eyes.
What sun?
I'm sorry.
I couldn't see the ball.
What do you mean?
It was coming right at you.
[♪♪♪]
[CLANGING]
ELIZABETH:
Time for class, everyone.
I can't believe you didn't
catch the ball.
I said I was sorry!
Okay, Anna, enough.
Everyone misses
the ball now and again.
PHILIP:
I'm sorry,
Mrs. Thornton.
Don't worry, Philip.
It's only a game.
I made a big mistake.
Everyone makes mistakes.
Besides, you'll catch
the next pop fly,
then no one will
remember this.
Run along.
Morning.
[♪♪♪]
[CHUCKLES]
[KISSES]
[DOOR OPENS]
[GASPS]
Well, hello!
What is all this?
I brought you
a nice, hot lunch.
A titan of industry
can't run on
an empty stomach.
I was gonna grab
something from the saloon.
Or more likely
get busy working
and not eat
anything at all.
Oh, you know me
so well.
Ooh, oh.
I'll just, uh...
It's all right.
It's just, uh...
Just a little spill.
There's lots left.
Looks delicious.
Yes. Well...
[♪♪♪]
Enjoy.
LEE:
Mm.
Oh, uh, thank you.
[GRIMACES, SIGHS]
[♪♪♪]
[DOOR OPENS]
GIRL:
Sheriff Avery?
Can I help you?
I wanted
to report something.
[GRUNTS]
What's that?
I got this coat from
one of the donation tables,
and I found
a note in it.
"Lucy," or "Livvy," or...
I couldn't make out
the name, either.
"Your constant laughter
fills my heart.
Never lose the joy you find
in everything around you..."
Whoever this coat
belonged to
might want
that note back.
I don't think so,
otherwise
they wouldn't have
given it away.
No, I found the note
in the lining of the pocket
while I was sewing it.
It fell through a hole.
Well, Laura,
I'm not really sure
what you want me
to do with this.
I was thinking you could
help me find who the owner was.
I have more important
things to do
than track down
the owner of an old coat.
You had your feet
on the desk when I came in.
Well, looks can be deceiving.
Okay, it's just
I heard you
used to be good
at solving things.
"Used to"?
My title was Chief
Forensic Investigator.
Okay.
[♪♪♪]
Come back tomorrow,
and we'll ask around.
Just a few more steps.
[♪♪♪]
Okay. Now wait here.
And no peeking.
[LAUGHS]
I know you're there, Elizabeth.
I know your perfume.
That was kind of the idea.
You can open your eyes now.
Our first date.
[LAUGHS]
I knew,
even then,
that I wanted
to be your wife.
This is...
y-you are--
I mean, uh...
I know.
Everything's perfect,
Elizabeth.
Abigail made
all the same dishes.
Shall we eat?
Actually...
I wanna change
something tonight.
I wanna dance with my wife
before dinner.
[♪♪♪]
[TENDER BALLAD PLAYING]
I heard
you were in here.
Oh, we were about to have
an early dinner, Mike.
I'm sorry.
I was checking on
some of our timber.
When I rode by your land,
I saw men up there.
Doing what?
I don't know,
but one of 'em
was Mr. Jenkins,
and he looked
very...intense.
[♪♪♪]
[HOOVES CLOPPING]
What's going on?
What are you doing?
Inspecting the property.
For what?
To confirm its value.
Why do you care?
Jack owns the land.
No, the bank
owns the land.
Jack has a loan to
purchase it.
Which I pay
every month.
The bank appreciates that.
Nevertheless, we'll be
exercising our right
to take back the land.
What right?
This land was purchased
with a demand loan.
That authorizes the bank
to recall the loan
at any time,
with seven days' notice.
Why would you take it back
if I'm paying on time?
We have a business to run,
and how we run it
is none of your concern.
The bank has a cash offer
for the land.
His bank needs cash.
Isn't that right,
Mr. Jenkins?
It's all perfectly legal,
I assure you.
Constable Thornton
signed the loan documents,
and the clause
was clearly stated in it.
Here. Read it.
Section 14-D.
I don't care what
your documents say.
We'll fight you.
You can try, of course,
but the law is on our side.
However...
there's still an option
for you to keep the land.
Which is?
Pay off the remaining balance
within seven days.
The bank will release
the title to you.
[SCOFFS]
I don't have
that kind of money.
Perhaps your wife could help.
I understand your family's
very wealthy.
We're not borrowing
from Elizabeth's family.
This is our land,
our fight.
[♪♪♪]
Have it your way.
Seven days, Constable.
Or you forfeit the land.
[♪♪♪]
ELIZABETH [SIGHS]:
It's not fair.
But Jenkins is right.
[SIGHS]
The bank can take our land.
I don't know what to do.
I could...
contact my father.
No. I'd rather lose the land
than go to your father.
Jack.
He was concerned that I
couldn't provide.
A few days into our marriage,
I'm not gonna prove him right.
You wouldn't be.
He would just lend us the money,
then we pay him back.
I'm not gonna do that.
[♪♪♪]
But I promise
you this:
I will build you a house.
It may not be on that land,
but we'll have a house.
We're a family.
We're gonna
see this through as one.
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
I have a blueberry scone
fresh from the oven.
My favorite.
That's the idea.
What are you working on?
My Sunday sermon.
Oh. Well, be prepared
for a packed church.
We missed your service
while you were away.
Oh, no pressure.
[CHUCKLES]
What do you have so far?
"Do nothing
out of selfish ambition
"or vain conceit.
Rather, in humility,
value others
above yourselves."
That's one of
my favorite verses.
I want this week's sermon
to be about taking care of those
who need help the most.
Well, volunteering at
the Children's Hospital,
it's pretty obvious
you live by those words.
Honestly, I...I feel like
I haven't done enough.
Frank...
Your humility
is an inspiration
to us all.
[♪♪♪]
ELIZABETH:
All right, everyone,
these are your vocabulary words
for the week.
Why don't you write them
down in your notebooks?
For homework, I want you
to define each word,
and then use each word
in a sentence.
Yes, Opal?
Those look hard.
Well, yes, they are difficult,
but that's how we learn,
and you can use
your dictionary to help you.
Philip?
Would you like to move closer?
I'm okay.
Please, move up.
You can move back
as soon as you finish
writing down the words.
Is that any better?
Not really.
It's still a little blurry.
I can't tell
what the third word is.
Sur...
S-Sur...prise?
Actually,
it's "support".
How long have you been having
trouble reading the board?
A few days.
Then I think a trip to see
Dr. Shepherd is in order.
Is your father
still out of town?
I'm still staying
with Mrs. Brayman.
In that case, I will take you,
today after school.
But am I sick?
I don't think so.
[♪♪♪]
Afternoon, Abigail.
Henry.
I'll, uh, take
a scone to go.
Is everything okay?
You look like someone
who's about to deliver
a death sentence.
Well, not
a death sentence,
but not exactly
a reprieve, either.
You remember
that I told you
that it'd be hard to find
an investor for the bank.
The one in Union City?
No. Not interested.
How about Silver Lakes?
Nope.
Now, I have
another card up my sleeve,
but, uh...
it's a long shot.
Well, at this point,
I'll take any shot.
All right.
Thank you.
Mrs. Blakeley.
Mr. Gowen.
Florence.
I've heard the rumors.
It's true, isn't it?
What do you mean?
You've put
our financial future
in the hands
of a convicted felon.
Someone who
stole from us!
Florence...
come with me.
[♪♪♪]
I'm trying to keep
our bank afloat.
It's not working.
What are we gonna do?
We can't keep
living this way.
We're not giving up.
[SIGHS]
What does that mean?
That's not gonna stop us
from losing everything,
Abigail.
That is the only thing
that will stop it.
Florence,
we've been
through hard times,
but we've stuck together.
We found a way,
and we'll do it again.
I'm sorry.
Oh...
I understand.
[SIGHS HEAVILY]
[SIGHS]
Ever seen this note
or coat?
No? Okay.
Thank you.
Take that. Come on.
Let's go back inside.
Sorry. I tried.
Is that all Chief
Forensic Investigators do?
Ask around?
No, when it's a serious crime,
we dig deep,
but we're talking
about a coat here.
This could be
important to somebody.
I'm sure it's not.
How can you be sure?
Well, because
it's not a deed,
and it's not a will,
and it's not a treasure map.
It's just
a little note.
[EXHALES SHARPLY]
[♪♪♪]
Wait a minute.
Bring that back to me.
And take the coat off.
[♪♪♪]
The first thing we know
is that...
it wasn't mailed,
it was handed to her,
because it's not signed.
Whoever gave the note
or got the note
had dirty hands.
Is that important?
You never know with clues.
Couldn't you have just gotten
a different coat?
You looking
for more clues?
That's what Chief Forensic
Investigators do.
You look like
Sherlock Holmes.
Except Sherlock Holmes
is make-believe.
I'm the real deal.
What's that?
We're looking for someone
with red hair.
[♪♪♪]
CARSON:
Okay, can you read
this line for me?
S, C, U, T, I, J?
Perfect.
Well done, Philip.
Now, cover your other eye,
and let's read the same line.
T...
O... V...
P... I... T?
Ah.
I think we know
what's going on here, young man.
We do?
Yes. You need glasses.
[♪♪♪]
Let's try these ones.
There you go.
Okay. Now...
Try and read that exact
same line, right there.
S, C, U, T, I, J.
Great. And the line
right underneath?
T, H, L, S, D, A.
Look at that.
I think we have a match.
[CHUCKLES]
But I don't wanna
wear glasses.
Your eyesight is fine
to see things close up.
You only need these
to see things that are far away.
Exactly.
Like the chalkboard,
or when you're standing in
the outfield, playing baseball.
So I won't miss
any more fly balls?
[LAUGHS]
Probably not.
As long as you're
wearing your glasses.
[♪♪♪]
This is so sweet,
but I've never owned
that coat before.
The Sheriff found
a red hair.
But it's not mine.
And this appears to be
written to someone named...
is it Lucy?
Did you ever know anyone
named Lucy or Livvy,
or anyone with that name?
Doesn't ring a bell.
I'm sorry.
Thank you.
Now what?
We keep looking for clues.
Come on.
ELIZABETH [SIGHS]:
You must be glad to have
Frank back.
Oh, sometimes, you don't know
how much you miss someone
until they come home.
Mmm.
We've all missed
his presence in town.
I'm not sure
he's all here.
What do you mean?
He won't say it,
but I know how much
those children
and his work mean to him.
And I know how much
you mean to him.
I know a part of him
wants to be here, but...
only a part of him.
For now...he's here.
You're right,
and for that,
I should be grateful.
Mm-hmm.
Where is Jack?
Oh, wait.
Let me guess.
Up at that land,
getting ready to build
that big, beautiful
house of yours.
About that...
What is it?
Mr. Jenkins...
Oh, no.
What has he done now?
He's taking Jack's land back.
What?
He has a cash buyer for it.
But he can't do that.
He has an agreement with Jack.
Well, we looked at
the loan document, and he can.
What are you gonna do?
We're going to survive.
For better or worse.
[♪♪♪]
Morning.
ELIZABETH:
Hi!
Hey, when did
you get glasses?
Yesterday.
But I don't have
to wear them all the time.
ROBERT::
But when you do,
you'll have four eyes.
They kinda
look funny on you.
All right, that's enough.
We don't make fun
of our friends,
we support them.
Which is a word you should
be familiar with,
since it's one of our
vocabulary words this week.
[♪♪♪]
[CHILDREN CHATTERING]
[CHILDREN LAUGHING]
ELIZABETH:
Cody, Robert, you'll be
staying in at recess.
CODY: Aww.
ELIZABETH: If you had to
wear glasses, would it
feel good to be teased?
No.
I want you both
to apologize to Philip.
Sorry.
I think you look very handsome
in your glasses.
I like
your glasses too.
Thanks, Opal.
[♪♪♪]
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
Good morning,
sweetheart.
Good morning.
Whatcha reading there?
Oh, just
a history book.
Yellowed pages
of bygone days.
Not really
relevant anymore.
Breakfast is a little cold.
Yes. It's terrible
when things go cold.
Isn't it?
It is...
but how did it
get ice-cold?
Yes.
How?
Um, I think
I'm just gonna get
a scone and a coffee
at Abigail's.
If you must.
Mm...
I don't supposed you packed
me a lunch, then?
You never notice what
I pack in your lunch anyway.
That's not true.
You made me
that delicious soup.
Lunch isn't always
about food,
Lee.
Right.
Okay, well, I will, uh,
see you at dinnertime, then.
[DOOR OPENS AND CLOSES]
ELIZABETH:
I have to say,
I am very impressed
with your scores
on these tests.
It's clear you
all studied very hard.
I got an A-plus!
And since you all
did so well,
I'm going to give you an extra
five minutes at recess today!
Class dismissed.
[CHILDREN CHATTERING]
Don't you want
to come play baseball?
Now you have glasses, you'll
be able to catch the ball.
I don't feel too good.
I think I'll stay inside.
[♪♪♪]
Philip, have you
been crying again?
No.
Are you sure?
I promise.
But my head
has been hurting,
and my eyes hurt, too.
Sometimes that can happen
when you start wearing glasses.
But they're helping me
see better.
I know, and I'm very proud
of you for wearing them,
but your lenses
might be too strong.
I'll take you back to see
Dr. Shepherd today, okay?
Okay.
And in the meantime,
I'll get you a cold towel
to help your headache.
Thank you, Mrs. Thornton.
[♪♪♪]
Mr. Jenkins.
Mrs. Stanton.
You're calling in
Jack's loan?
It's all perfectly legal.
[SCOFFS]
There's what's legal
and what's right,
and that's not right.
There's a buyer
for that land in Buxton,
and the bank needs cash.
Your bank needs me.
I'm trying to find investors
to keep you afloat.
As are we.
Well, until that happens,
let's be honorable
and not underhanded.
I'll take that
under consideration,
but I make no promises.
Make this go away,
Mr. Jenkins.
[♪♪♪]
CARSON:
Do these headaches come on when
you're wearing your glasses?
Nope. I get them a lot,
even when I don't have
the glasses on.
Philip...why didn't
you tell us that sooner?
I didn't want anyone
to be mad at me.
Oh. Sweetheart,
we could never be mad
about you
not feeling well.
And is your vision
still a little blurry,
even when you're
wearing your glasses?
Sometimes.
Okay.
We're gonna try something
totally different.
Keep looking at me
and tell me,
how many fingers
am I holding up?
I-I can't really
see your hand there.
Okay.
Now how many here?
Two.
Excellent.
And on this side?
I can't really
see your hand there, either.
Okay.
You hang tight here, buddy.
Okay?
We'll be right back.
[♪♪♪]
Carson...
what's going on?
This is a lot more serious
than I first thought.
I think Philip has glaucoma.
What's that?
It's an eye disease
that damages the optic
nerve in the brain.
Builds up fluid in the eye,
puts pressure on the nerve,
causes the eyes to water.
So that's why Philip
looked like he was crying.
Glaucoma also blurs
the peripheral vision,
which is why
he couldn't see my hand.
Oh, no.
Is he gonna be all right?
Without the proper treatment,
he could lose his eyesight.
Carson...
we can't let that happen.
Of course not.
But I'm not
an ophthalmologist.
Philip needs
to see a specialist
at the Children's Hospital
right away.
I'll send a telegram
to his father.
He's been working outside
Cape Fullerton
for the past few months.
He should know.
[♪♪♪]
ABIGAIL:
So you're saying
glaucoma is treatable?
So Philip
won't go blind?
His eyesight
can be saved,
but he's going to need
surgery right away.
It's a very
delicate procedure
that needs to be performed
by an ophthalmologist.
You must know someone
at Children's Hospital.
Can you help us?
I do know
the administrators.
Maybe if I explain
the situation,
they can find Philip a bed.
I'll go send
a telegram right now.
I really
appreciate it, Frank.
I'll be right back.
I'll go with you.
It would be devastating
if Philip went blind.
Elizabeth,
don't you worry.
Frank will move
heaven and Earth
for Philip
to get the help he needs.
[♪♪♪]
[ENGINE SHUTS OFF]
Hi, sweetheart.
Hello.
Listen...
I know that you've been feeling
a little blue lately,
so...
I have a surprise for you.
You do?
Mm-hmm.
What?
Come here.
[♪♪♪]
Oh, Lee.
[CHUCKLES]
You didn't have to go
to all this trouble.
Oh, I think
maybe I did.
And there's more.
Open it.
I know what
it says, Lee.
I wrote it.
Open it.
It's the original
Broadway cast.
Gilbert and Sullivan's
"Pirates of Penzance"
and the New York
Touring Company.
You are the love of my life,
Rosemary.
[LAUGHING]
Oh, Lee!
A toast.
[GASPS]
To married life.
[CLINKS]
To being
married to you.
[♪♪♪]
You see that little
smudge down there?
I think it might
be coal dust.
That does look like it.
I know your husband
was a supervisor
in the old mine.
I just thought you
might have some idea.
I don't recognize the coat.
We think the person
might have red hair,
but we've already
asked Mrs. Sullivan.
You recognize the name
Livvy or Lucy?
No. I'm sorry.
Thanks anyway,
Mrs. Stanton.
Good luck.
Wait.
The name on the note--
it's not Lucy or Livvy.
It's "Lovey."
Lovey?
It was a nickname,
and she's not the one
with red hair.
It was her husband.
[CHUCKLES]
[♪♪♪]
Florence!
Hold on a second!
Oh! Laura!
Oh, my old coat
looks good on you.
We found this note
in the lining
of the coat.
"Lovey...
"Your constant laughter
fills my heart.
Never lose the joy you find
in everything around you."
[GASPS]
[TEARFULLY]
Oh...
I...I was 16
when Paul gave this to me.
My childhood sweetheart.
My husband.
You know, I had forgotten
what he saw in me...
How I used to be...
It was all her.
Thank you so much for this.
It means the world to me.
I will treasure it.
Thank you for the coat.
Oh, you're so welcome.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Oh.
Well done.
[♪♪♪]
Jack.
What's the matter?
I've been...
[SIGHS]
I've been given
an assignment at Fort Clay.
You're leaving again?
Only for two months.
It's to train
other Mounties,
it's considered
a prestigious assignment,
an honor, actually.
I thought we were done
with that.
We almost are,
I promise you.
I've been worrying
about you for so long--
This is different.
There's no danger.
The worst that can happen
is I lose my voice
yelling at
the new recruits.
I don't see you
as much of a yeller.
More like
a stern lecturer.
The thing is,
we can't go
to Chicago right now.
Then I'll go with you.
To Fort Clay?
Mm-hmm.
[SIGHS]
You can't leave
Hope Valley for two months.
I can for as long as it takes us
to get to Fort Clay and back.
We'll consider it
our honeymoon.
I hear it's beautiful country.
It's beautiful...
intelligent,
and understanding.
Now, how'd I get so lucky?
They say each of us
is born under a star.
Ours aren't just lucky...
they're charmed.
[♪♪♪]
Don't worry.
The doctors are gonna
take good care of you
once you get there.
And Pastor Frank's gonna
make sure you get there safely.
Okay?
Thank you, Frank.
I don't want you
to worry about a thing.
You told my dad
where I'm going?
I did. He'll be waiting
for you in Cape Fullerton,
and we'll see you back here
before you know it.
Promise?
I promise.
I'll miss you.
I will miss you too.
[♪♪♪]
We're sorry
we teased you, Philip.
We didn't mean
anything by it.
That's okay.
This is for you.
It's from
the whole class.
Laura drew the picture.
And we all signed it.
It's really nice.
Thanks.
LAURA:
Goodbye, Philip.
See you soon.
Get well.
We're gonna miss you.
[CHUCKLING]
Aw.
Abigail...
I need to talk
to you about something.
I know what you have to do.
You do?
You have to stay there,
Frank.
Your devotion
to those children,
it's your calling.
Yeah. It really is.
You're a good man, Frank.
Coming from you,
that means a lot.
I wish I could ask you
to go with me.
I wish I could
ask you to stay.
You take care, Cody.
When will you be back?
Well, I'm not really sure...
but I'll write to you.
Will you
write me back?
You keep listening
to your ma.
You'll be all right.
...Cape Fullerton.
Okay.
[♪♪♪]
What do you think about
camping at Diamond Lake?
I love it.
We can catch
trout for dinner.
Maybe,
but just to be safe,
I packed some tins
of pork and beans.
[LAUGHING]
Jack...
Elizabeth.
Mr. Jenkins, we don't
have your money.
That's not why I'm here.
I'm happy to tell you
the bank
won't be taking
your property.
Well, we're grateful,
of course,
but what's changed?
You just keep up
the payments
and the land will
be all yours soon enough.
[LAUGHS]
What do you think happened?
[♪♪♪]
I have an idea.
Abigail Stanton...
did you say something
to Mr. Jenkins?
Oh, I might have had
a little talk with him.
I'm guessing it wasn't
a very friendly one.
Sometimes people
need to be reminded
how we treat each other
in Hope Valley.
We are very lucky
to have you as mayor.
Well, given
our financial situation,
I don't know that everyone
would agree with you.
And they'd be wrong.
Thank you, Abigail.
Oh.
[♪♪♪]
You're the best,
Abigail.
[CHUCKLES]
Well, you two, go.
Enjoy your honeymoon.
[BOTH LAUGHING]
Abigail.
I've got some good news.
I found a possible investor
for the bank.
She's gonna come to town
next week.
Oh. Thank you, Henry.
Now, I've convinced her
to come and have
a look at the place,
but you'll have to sell her
on the idea.
All right.
[♪♪♪]